So now let's go ahead and look at the total per person calculation.
Let's go to you two might as well just create function here right away.
Let's go ahead and say fun calculate.
So what are we going to need here?
We're going to need the total bill.
Which is going to be a double and going to need a split by.
Such was going to be an end, right, and we don't need to tip percentage, which is also going to be
an event and we're going to return a double life.
OK, so the calculations?
Let me put that in that line.
Well, so here I'm going to just create a vowel called bill and this I'm going to pass call bill.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to actually call the calculate total created at the top here,
OK?
And then I'm going to pass all the parameters or arguments that are needed.
This case is going to be total bill and then tip percentage.
It's going to be TYP percent pay percentage as such.
And then let's see, split by split by, it's going to be equal to split by.
So at this point here, the value we have is to calculate total tip.
It's not a bill yet.
It's just a tip, right to make it a bill, a total bill going to add our total bill value that we can
be passing in like this one because we used inside here to calculate or tip as we have created at the
top here.
Is that until we add the total bill again to the tip that we calculated, that's going to be the entire
tip.
That's going to be the entire bill for the meal.
OK, so what we wanted to return is going to be.
In this case, it's our bill, and we're going to divide this by split by makes sense.
So once we have a true bill, we divided by split by which is going to be what could be one, two,
three, 10 or 100 and so forth.
So this is what we're going to use and our main activity.
But where are we going to use that?
Well, still inside of our slider, where we calculate total tip, why this is happening every time
we slide left and right.
Increasing or decreasing the total tip percentage or the tip percentage, you can see we're calculating
the actual total tip.
So at the same time, we will have that value.
We can use that.
Of course, we can just say something like this.
I'm going to see total per.
Person state, not value, having created this when I said that to our calculate total per person,
so total bill in this case.
Tomorrow, build out of value, Bill state that it value and then hope to make this to a double right
to double check and then split by.
Say split by state at value, we're getting this value here would created one earlier, right?
And then we're going to pass a tip percentage.
Which is tip percentage like this?
All right.
And again, we're going to have to create this state.
At the top.
Remember?
And this is going to be a double someone's immutable state of doubles or 0.0 to start with.
Let's go back to where this is being called, which is down here.
OK.
So total per person now is going to be called wear.
Well, if you're a member, totem pole person is going to be here on the top tomorrow, a person.
Now let's go up and we can see where are we calling total per person, right?
Terrible person is actually inside of a top hat.
And the reason why, if you have over can see we have that total per person, which is a double with
just passing a default value.
134.
So now I can say total per person is going to be equal to total for a person that value just like that.
So I'm passing this argument and passing our total per person state the value as the argument for total
per person and top header, which is going to change this value.
Mike, let's go ahead and run this to see if this is true.
OK, so in the beginning, everything is zero to 100.
It's a nice number.
And let's go ahead and change this to two.
If I start doing like this right, sliding can see now the value is changing.
So if I go to, let's say, 16 percent of $116 and we have two people, so 116 divide by two people
is going to be five to eight each.
I believe if we go ahead and increase this, nothing has changed yet because we haven't created that
function or we're not calling the function to calculate to recalculate, as you see here.
They told a person in which we will do in a second.
But if I move around, you can see everything is working fine.
OK, if I.
Increase the number and see the number is also changing there.
OK.
So now let's go ahead and tie this together with Split, because we want to also be able since we have
her bill and we have a percentage, of course, as we change, we want to be able to dynamically change
a dollar per person top hat here this value.
So that means if we want this to also calculate, right, let's go to where our buttons are created
rounded round icon button is here.
So on click we have this if statement here.
So we say the split that value is going to be equal to either incrementing or decremental.
And in this case, we are discriminating.
Only if the value is split by state is greater than one.
It makes sense.
We've talked about this.
We don't want to zero split hair that would make no sense, right?
In fact, they can put all of this in one line.
It's kind of hard to see, but it works next inside, on inside of our own.
Click here.
We want it to also calculate or call the calculate portal per person, which in this case is going to
be exactly what we have here.
What do we have here, right?
We're just calling everything once again, so I'm just going to cut this.
Copy that.
And go right afterwards here.
He it all in.
And we should be good.
And the same goes to if we are discriminating.
So there it is.
Now if we go ahead and run this.
OK.
Let's go ahead and put 100 again, our favorite number.
OK, so let's see if I start adding people can see it straight right away starts calculating type of
person I think makes sense of two people are not paying or not adding a tip to people total per person
per person.
Here is total per person.
Give me $50 on a $100 bill.
Come back to 100.
The more you add and voila!
OK, very good.
Now, in this case here, if I start moving this too, it's going to recalculate everything.
As you can see, we adding a tip, which means the value should increase right for a person.
And there you have it.
OK.
I go to one person just to make sure everything is working, it's going to be 150 per person, this
person in this case, just one person at $50 get at $50 tip amount.
And then if I increase, he's going to go and reduce as well.
And of course, if I decrease the amount, it's still working.
So now you've seen how to put together the user interface and of course, the logic behind it.
Again, there are many different ways in which we can actually abstract out these calculations to make
it even better.
But the main idea here it was to show you how to integrate the user interface, how to create the user
interface, using composable pieces and so forth, and then add the value.
And then, of course, use the mutable states.
The remember to give and maintain this state of the values are changing.
OK.
That's an important concept and compose as we will continue to see.
So the thing I would like you to do is to make this even better.
Go ahead and look at ways to perhaps change the way this all looks.
Or you can create different kinds of calculators so you can practice at least how to put together a
user interface, how to connect things through variables, in this case, the mutable state and so forth.
So now that we have the calculation working what we can do, let's go back to our invalidate state or
validate state there.
We had comment that out because we are just testing things out.
So go down here.
Let's go ahead and oncoming this such and we should have the complete a complete picture if you run.
All right, you can see the first time around, there's nothing there, so that until we add something
again, one hundred seems to be the best number.
And I can start playing this and change if 50 percent reduce the amount of people and go from there.
OK, now, if I remove all of that value, let's see.
And you can see everything is hidden until I put something.
OK.